# Agent Development Kit

**URL:** https://google.github.io/adk-docs/
**Wygenerowano:** 9.06.2025, 22:23:57

---

Google I/O'25 - ADK updates Big news! Introducing Java ADK v0.1.0, extending agent capabilities to the Java ecosystem. Python ADK is officially v1.0.0 offering stability for production-ready agents. Agent Development Kit What is Agent Development Kit?¶ Agent Development Kit (ADK) is a flexible and modular framework for developing and deploying AI agents. While optimized for Gemini and the Google ecosystem, ADK is model-agnostic, deployment-agnostic, and is built for compatibility with other frameworks. ADK was designed to make agent development feel more like software development, to make it easier for developers to create, deploy, and orchestrate agentic architectures that range from simple tasks to complex workflows. Get started: PythonJava pip install google-adk pom.xml<dependency> <groupId>com.google.adk</groupId> <artifactId>google-adk</artifactId> <version>0.1.0</version> </dependency> build.gradledependencies { implementation 'com.google.adk:google-adk:0.1.0' } Quickstart Tutorials Sample Agents API Reference Contribute ❤️ Learn more¶ Watch "Introducing Agent Development Kit"! Flexible Orchestration Define workflows using workflow agents (Sequential, Parallel, Loop) for predictable pipelines, or leverage LLM-driven dynamic routing (LlmAgent transfer) for adaptive behavior. Learn about agents Multi-Agent Architecture Build modular and scalable applications by composing multiple specialized agents in a hierarchy. Enable complex coordination and delegation. Explore multi-agent systems Rich Tool Ecosystem Equip agents with diverse capabilities: use pre-built tools (Search, Code Exec), create custom functions, integrate 3rd-party libraries (LangChain, CrewAI), or even use other agents as tools. Browse tools Deployment Ready Containerize and deploy your agents anywhere – run locally, scale with Vertex AI Agent Engine, or integrate into custom infrastructure using Cloud Run or Docker. Deploy agents Built-in Evaluation Systematically assess agent performance by evaluating both the final response quality and the step-by-step execution trajectory against predefined test cases. Evaluate agents Building Safe and Secure Agents Learn how to building powerful and trustworthy agents by implementing security and safety patterns and best practices into your agent's design. Safety and Security var tabs=__md_get("__tabs");if(Array.isArray(tabs))e:for(var set of document.querySelectorAll(".tabbed-set")){var labels=set.querySelector(".tabbed-labels");for(var tab of tabs)for(var label of labels.getElementsByTagName("label"))if(label.innerText.trim()===tab){var input=document.getElementById(label.htmlFor);input.checked=!0;continue e}} var target=document.getElementById(location.hash.slice(1));target&&target.name&&(target.checked=target.name.startsWith("__tabbed_")) Back to top
